It is an exciting time to be in IT, when
your company looks at what it needs to do to stay competitive,
when looks at digital innovation. It's probably coming back and
looking at you in IT. My name is Alex Calen, and before I
became an instructor here at UVA Darden, I spent years and years in enterprise
software working with IT departments. I'm really excited for the things we're going to do together
here in customer centric IT strategy. There's a lot of great technology
available in IT, which I'm sure you know. And we've learned so much about start-ups
and the innovation process and what actually works and what's just kind of
pretending over the last few years. That I think it's a really great
time to kind of step back and look at, how do we really
drive better outcomes in IT? And there's not a silver bullet,
but with some discipline and some hard work, I think that you can
reliably get much better outcomes. And we're going to possibly cover
three things in this course. One is how do we take
tools from innovation that are used within the practice of agile in
practical ways out in Silicon Valley and in the community of practice,
how do we apply those in IT? And specifically, we're going to use
the business model canvas as a tool to help you focus your stakeholders and
your management team on what they actually mean by their strategy and
how do we connect that with actionable, testable things that we can
do in the domain of IT. And finally, we're going to reboot kind of
old crufty processes like process design with some new approaches and
some dovetailing with these techniques. So that they become kind of a prototyping
tool for you to help evaluate what constitutes a good outcome before
you over invest in an IT system. That's potentially not going to work
out and get a good outcome for you and your company. And throughout, we're going to have
lots of examples, lots of templates and lots of tools so you can get started with
this stuff in a practical way immediately. I hope to see you in the course!