In the last video, we looked at these
two items here, Customer Segments and Value Propositions. And how does the interchange of
these two things drive the business. Here, we are going to look at
the end-to-end customer experience, and what that means for
the relationships and channels, that the business has with the customer
over the course of that journey. The way I like to think through that,
is with this framework that you see here. So first we ask,
how do we get the customer's attention? How do they even know we exist? How do we break through the noise floor? Then, we look at what's
interesting about our proposition. What problem that we know that they have,
be that a job that they do, a desire, a habit. What is it that we engage them with,
what interests them. And if we want them to do anything
of any real material importance, there's some emotional resonance
to what we're offering them, and there's a desire that they have
that's propelling them to action. Here, we're looking at, what is
the absolute minimum set of actions required for the customer to
get to the next step with us? And that's something we want to
be especially thoughtful about, as we design systems. Then, we look at how does
the customer get onboarded. How do we make them a regular,
habitual user of our product, and how do we know if that's working? And then finally, we kind of look
at everything beyond that and the customer's recurring use
of our product with retention. And how do we deepen their
involvement with our product, and how do we get them talking
positively about it to others? Now again, even if your software
isn't directly touching the customer. These things are almost certainly going to
have major implications for it, and it's important for you to be at least
generally aware of how they work. Here is a storyboard for AIDAOR,
the framework we just looked at, and United Children's Theater. In the attention step here,
mom A talks with mom B, who has her child in a program
at United Children's Theater. And they talk about how the mommy's
son doesn't want to do soccer, so maybe children's theory
would be a good fit. Mom B follows up with mom
A through an email, and a link to some information about United Children's
Theater, that engages her interest. Mom A doesn't want her son,
Carlos, in trouble or idling around the house, so she had
this real desire to get him out and get him associated with good, thoughtful
kids in some constructive activity. Action, while she goes to
United Children's Theater site and it's clear to her what she gets,
what she pays for, whether there's financial aid
available and when she starts. And then the next step here is Onboarding,
and what happens on the first day of school? How does Carlos get started
with the right program. And then Retention, we look at the use
of email, a Facebook group and so forth. Carlos, let's say he
completes a successful year at United Children's Theater. What's in store for him next year? And how does he know if wants to do it and
if so, what we do? All that would fall into
the retention basket. So think through this and
I highly recommend the storyboard. And how does this work for
your key customer relationships, and your key channels? That's what we'll look at next. Another thing you consider doing,
if you're interested in this, is you've learned about Think,
See, Feel, Do. How do each of those work at
every step of this process? That's something we call a journey map,
and it's a really good way to think
through customer experience, if you think that level of
depth would help your project. Now, one of the things you may have
realized as you went through this customer journey, using the storyboard, using the
IDA framework, is that the channels and the types of relationships you
want to have with customer, vary over the course of that. So relationships are ways that
we interact with the customer. There's lots of different possibilities. The kind of on one end of the spectrum
here is residential Gmail for instance. If you have a problem, you can search for
it on the forums and ask people, but it's pretty much self service. Whereas dedicated personal service for
instance, if you have an insurance agents who's a specific person, you can
call them up and ask them questions. That's kind of the other
end of the spectrum, and there's lots of things in between. And channels are the way we
deliver that relationship, and we talked about the AIDAOR journey and
Promotion, Sales, Service. The channel that you use to deliver
the relationship you want, may vary over the course of these different types of
activities, over that IDAOR journey. So let's take a minute and
think about customer relationships for United Children's Theater. And I'll reveal that in a minute, but
now when you think about your own project. And what are the types of customer
relationships that your business or business you are working with,
has with their customers and how do they change over the course of
that customer journey that we looked at. Okay, here's what that looks like for
United Children's Theater. They use a mix of online community
like the two mom's following up, the way you saw that. Personal Service and this happens
both through the center itself, as well as for
instance mom A meeting mom B. The parents and the parents auxiliary,
deliver personalized relationships and word of mouth organically for
United Children's Theater. And that's a really important
part of their business model and what makes the business work. So we want to make sure our enterprise
software doesn't break that for instance, and then there's
direct personal service as well. So for instance your child's a teacher,
you know that teacher, you can talk with them. And then the channels are the ways
that we deliver these relationships. So what are the channels that
united children's theater uses? I'll show you that in a minute,
but think about the channels that your business uses and
how those vary across the journey. Take a second and
make a few notes on that. Okay, here is all of this for
United Children's Theater. The Parent's Auxiliary does
a lot of Promotion work, and it's really parent to parent kid to kid,
the promotion. And the Sales, if you will, is Direct. The teachers and administrators
at United Children's Theater, will come to local schools and
talk about their program. And the teachers and administrators
sort of do these sales if you will, by discussing the program
with their students. And then Service, they use the Parent's
Auxiliary and they use Facebook very heavily, to help parents answer each
other's questions about what's going on. Here is how this looks in
the business model Canvas. So I've written the customer relationships
here and the channel's here. And I made some notes about what
relationships the different segments have. Now that may or may not be pertinent
to what you have going on. The nice thing about the canvas is that,
it makes it really easy to sketch and sort of highlight whatever interrelationships
you think are most important. And so I would encourage you to make these
notes for the business you're working on. You can also take a note
about revenue streams and perhaps, how these relate
to those if you'd like. And I would finish filling these out, and think about what are the key
inner relationships. In the next video, we're going to move
over to this part of the canvas and look at the activities that your
business executes that are you uniquely, strategically important to delivering
all these things that we've talked about so far.